# Frosh-Cream

A new ice cream shop has opened its door to the public. The owners have decided to create a program so that their staff could record their revenues. Their program starts off with the login part. The staff must enter their username and password first so they can access the program. If they got it correctly, the program would then proceed to display the menu. It would also display three options. The first option displays again the menu and repeats these options. The second one will proceed on taking the customer’s order. The third option will exit the program. If the user chooses the second option, then the staff must input the code and quantity of the item the customer purchased. The staff will be asked repeatedly if the customer has bought more than one item. If the customer has no more additional order, the staff is then greeted with a different options menu. The first option menu will print a receipt for the customer. The second option will display the options menu again and show these options again. The third one will exit the program. If the staff picked option one, then the program will display a summary of the customer’s order and it will display the total. After that, it will ask if the customer has a discount. Discount 1 will give the customer 20% off, discount 2 will give the customer 30% off, and discount zero will give the customer no discount. The program will then display the final total and it will proceed to ask the customer how much money he/she has. If a sufficient amount was given, the program will then compute the change. The program ends there. 
